# Voucher

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **int** |  | [optional] 
**version** | **int** |  | [optional] 
**changes** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\Change[]**](Change.md) |  | [optional] 
**url** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**date** | **string** |  | 
**number** | **int** | System generated number that cannot be changed. | [optional] 
**temp_number** | **int** | Temporary voucher number. | [optional] 
**year** | **int** | System generated number that cannot be changed. | [optional] 
**description** | **string** |  | 
**voucher_type** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\VoucherType**](VoucherType.md) | Voucher type. Must not be of type &#39;Utgående faktura&#39; (&#39;Outgoing Invoice&#39;) on new vouchers, instead use voucherType&#x3D;null or use the Invoice endpoint. | [optional] 
**reverse_voucher** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\Voucher**](Voucher.md) |  | [optional] 
**postings** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\Posting[]**](Posting.md) |  | 
**document** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\Document**](Document.md) | If the documentation for the voucher has been generated by the system (e.g. an invoice) then this is a reference to the generated document. This document is always a PDF. Note that a voucher may have both a document, an attachment and an ediDocument. | [optional] 
**attachment** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\Document**](Document.md) | If the documentation for the voucher has been provided from an external source (e.g. another system via API or a user upload) then this is a reference to the document. This is always a PDF. Note that a voucher may have both a document, an attachment and an ediDocument. | [optional] 
**external_voucher_number** | **string** | External voucher number. | [optional] 
**edi_document** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\Document**](Document.md) | If the voucher is created based on a machine readable document (such as EHF or EFO/NELFO) then this is a reference to that document. Note that a voucher may have both a document, an attachment and an ediDocument. | [optional] 
**supplier_voucher_type** | **string** | Supplier voucher type - simple and detailed. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


